[doc only] Bug 1635377: Document metrics and events sections (#1257)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/pings/index.md

## Ping sections

Every ping has the following keys at the top-level:

- The [`ping_info` section](#the-ping_info-section) contains core metadata that is included in **every** ping.

- The [`client_info` section](#the-client_info-section) contains information that identifies the client.
  It is included in most pings (including all built-in pings), but may be excluded from pings where we don't want to connect client information with the other metrics in the ping.

> - The `metrics` section contains the submitted values for all metric types (except for events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `metrics` section contains the submitted values for all metric types except for [events](../metrics/event.md).
```

All the metrics surviving application restarts (e.g. `seq`, ...) are removed once the application using the Glean SDK is uninstalled.

#### The `experiments` object

> This object (included in the [`ping_info` section](#the-ping_info-section)) contains experiments keyed by the experiment `id`. Each listed experiment contains the `branch` the client is enrolled in and may contain a string to string map with additional data in the `extra` key. Both the `id` and `branch` are truncated to 30 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This object (included in the [`ping_info` section](#the-ping_info-section)) contains experiment annotations keyed by the experiment `id`. Each annotation contains the experiment `branch` the client is enrolled in and may contain a string to string map with additional data in the `extra` key. Both the `id` and `branch` are truncated to 30 characters.
```
